applications: nrf5340_audio: Change to using zbus (#10843)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

* Added Kconfig options for setting periodic and extended advertising intervals.
  Search :ref:`Kconfig Reference <kconfig-search>` for ``BLE_ACL_PER_ADV_INT_`` and ``BLE_ACL_EXT_ADV_INT_`` to list all of them.

> * Implemented z-bus for handling events from buttons and LE Audio.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Implemented :ref:`zephyr:zbus` for handling events from buttons and LE Audio.
```
